profile/README.md, before:

# 👋 Welcome to ProStore iOS!

![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

---

## 🚀 About Us
**ProStore iOS** is an iOS development organization focused on giving users more freedom, choice, and easier sideloading.  
Our main active project is **ProStore**, the best sideloading app for iOS.  

**ProStore**, our full alternative App Store, is currently in developement!  

View [ProStore](https://github.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore)

---

## 📥 Install ProStore
Install ProStore right now with our [Direct Installer](https://prostore.free.nf)!  
Just click on the link above, select a signed certificate, and press the Download and Install buttons!

---

## 📱 ProStore Highlights
- On-device `.ipa` signing for iOS  
- Unlimited app installs  
- Browse or search through thousands of apps  
- Easy certificate management  
- Clean and modern interface  
- Open-source iOS app  

---

## 📸 Sneak Peek
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot1.png" width="300" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot2.png" width="300" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot3.png" width="300" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot3.png" width="300" />
</p>

---

## 🤝 Contributing
We love community involvement! If you’d like to contribute to **ProStore**, feel free to:  
1. Star the repo  
2. Report bugs  
3. Suggest features  
4. Submit pull requests  

---

## 🌍 Connect With Us
- Main Repo: [ProStore](https://github.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore)  
- Website: [ProStore-iOS.github.io](https://ProStore-iOS.github.io)

---

Commit message:

Enhance README with mission and project details
Added mission statement and project goals to README.

profile/README.md, after:

# 👋 Welcome to ProStore iOS!

![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

---

## 🚀 About Us
**ProStore iOS** is an iOS development organization focused on giving users more freedom, choice, and easier sideloading.  
Our main active project is **ProStore**, the best sideloading app for iOS.  

View [ProStore](https://github.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore)

---

## 📥 Install ProStore
Install ProStore right now with our [Direct Installer](https://prostore.free.nf)!  
Just click on the link above, select a signed certificate, and press the Download and Install buttons!

---

## 🎯 Our Mission
Our mission is to make sideloading easy for everyone, so no matter what your device, or experience, you can sideload with ease!  
Our dream is to create these:  
- **ProStore Gold** - An iOS app that is a cross between ProStore and SideStore, so you can install apps by Apple ID or by Enterprise/Dev cert.
- **WebStore** - A web based version of ProStore and ProStore Gold so no revokes and it's accessible to everyone!

---

## 📱 ProStore Highlights
- On-device `.ipa` signing for iOS  
- Unlimited app installs  
- Browse or search through thousands of apps  
- Easy certificate management  
- Clean and modern interface  
- Open-source iOS app  

---

## 📸 Sneak Peek
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot1.png" width="300" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot2.png" width="300" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot3.png" width="300" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore/main/gallery/Screenshot3.png" width="300" />
</p>

---

## 🤝 Contributing
We love community involvement! If you’d like to contribute to **ProStore**, feel free to:  
1. Star the repo  
2. Report bugs  
3. Suggest features  
4. Submit pull requests  

---

## 🌍 Connect With Us
- Main Repo: [ProStore](https://github.com/ProStore-iOS/ProStore)  
- Website: [ProStore-iOS.github.io](https://ProStore-iOS.github.io)

---
